# Data Science x Logistic Regression
This project aims to introduce the basics of DataScience and Logistic Regression while exploring different tools used in Machine Learning.

# Objectives
- Read Dataset and preprocess it.
- Create visualizations to detect defects or anomalies.
- Implement a logistic regression model.

# Getting started
## Installing
Clone the repository.
```
git clone https://github.com/framdani/dslr.git
cd dslr
```
Install the required packages.
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
## Usage
### Data Exploration
Use the `describe.py` script to get an overview of the dataset.
```
python3 describe.py dataset_train.csv
```
### Data visualization
Use the following scripts to create visualizations:
- `histogram.py`    : Displays a histogram that answers the question, "Which Hogwarts course has a homogeneous score distribution between all houses?"
- `scatter_plot.py` : Displays a scatter plot that answers the question, "What are the features that are similar?"
- `pair_plot.py`    : Displays a pair plot that helps identify the features to use in the logistic regression.
### Logistic Regression
Use the `logreg_train.py` script to train the model and generate the weights.
```
python3 logreg_train.py dataset_train.csv
```

Use the `logreg_predict.py` script to predict output using the weights generated by the previous script.
```
python3 logreg_predict.py dataset_test.csv weights.csv
```
# Note
The purpose of this project is educational. You are welcome to clone, modify ,and use it for your own learning purposes.
